Dear Kickstarter, hello!
The iblazr team wants to say "thank you" to you heartily.
Thanks to your support, we have successfully completed the first crowdfunding project of iblazr...
... carried out mass production and completed the delivery task on time.
Every user of iblazr is an important part of our team.
We know that with your help, our products will surely take us to the next level.
And did it
When developing iblazr 2, we optimized the product design
Significant improvements have also been made in electronic components.
Today, our fill light features are more versatile and easier to use.
The latest iblazr 2 adds a new camera experience
Now it can connect via Bluetooth and support local iOS
Android photo app.
We added a sensor panel for iblazr 2
With its help, you can adjust the intensity of the light level
Make your photo shoot more professional
At the same time, it simplifies your operation
Just double click and your photo is ready.
We have configured a new fixed system for iblazr 2
The exterior is a silicone coated mobile phone clip/plate clip,
Suitable for devices from 6mm to 9.5mm wide
We also come with a cold boot for digital cameras.
In the new app, we also extended the functionality of iblazr 2
Now you can set them separately while syncing multiple flashes at once
It is convenient for you to take brighter and more perfect photos.
The continuous lighting mode of iblazr 2 allows you to shoot short films in the dark, capturing cute moments with outstanding results.
We are convinced that with your help, our product features will be more perfect.
For two years, the iblazr team has been working on product improvement.
Our small team is made up of young people who are full of fighting spirit.
The passion and love for photography is the original intention of our production of this product.
Currently, we are raising funds to start iblazr 2 mass production and need your help.
We don’t need to increase the amount of investment, we are proud of it, therefore,
We once again came to Kickstarter for a public offering.
Welcome to join our team and provide your support for the iblazr 2 project!